--- 
wordpress_id: 110
layout: post
title: Boredom?
wordpress_url: http://jevy.org/?p=110
---
This one's for my man Luong who posted something like this on <a href="http://luongsass.blogspot.com/2005/08/hard-work-never-killed-anybody-but-why.html">his blog</a> and I know he's bored so here you go man.  Got this in my inbox this month:

<blockquote>
why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens our skin?

why women can't put on mascara with their mouth closed?

why you don't ever see the headline "Psychic Wins Lottery"?

why "abbreviated" is such a long word?

why doctors call what they do "practice"?

why you have to click on "Start" to stop Windows 98?

why lemon juice is made with artificial flavor, while dishwashing
liquid is made with real lemons?

why the man who invests all your money is called a broker?

why there isn't mouse-flavored cat food?

who tastes dog food when it has a "new & improved" flavor?

why they sterilize the needle for lethal injections?

why they don't make the whole plane out of the material used
for the indestructible black box ?

why sheep don't shrink when it rains?

why they are called apartments when they are all stuck together?

if con is the opposite of pro, is Congress the opposite of progress?

why they call the airport "the terminal" if flying is so safe?

In case you need further proof that the human race is doomed because of stupidity, here are some actual label instructions on consumer goods.

On a Sears hairdryer: Do not use while sleeping. (darn, and that's
the only time I have to work on my hair).

On a bag of Fritos: You could be a winner! No purchase necessary.
Details inside. (the shoplifter special?)

On a bar of Dial soap: "Directions: Use like regular soap."
(and that would be how???...)

On some Swanson frozen dinners: "Serving suggestion: Defrost."
(but, it's "just" a suggestion).

On Tesco's Tiramisu dessert (printed on bottom): "Do not
turn upside down." (well...duh, a bit late, huh)!

On Marks & Spencer Bread Pudding: "Product will be hot
after heating." (...and you thought????..)

On packaging for a Rowenta iron: "Do not iron clothes on
body." (but wouldn't this save me more time?)

On Boot's Children Cough Medicine:"Do not drive a car or operate machinery after taking this medication." (We could do a lot to reduce the rate of construction accidents if we could just get those 5-year-olds with head-colds off those forklifts.)

On Nytol Sleep Aid: "Warning: May cause drowsiness."
(and...I'm taking this because???.....)

On a Japanese food processor: "Not to be used for the other use." (now, somebody out there, help me on this. I'm a bit curious.)

On Sunsbury's peanuts: "Warning: contains nuts."
(talk about a news flash!)

On an American Airlines packet of nuts: "Instructions:
Open packet, eat nuts." (Step 3: maybe, uh...fly Delta?)

I don't blame the company. I blame the parents for this one:
On a child's superman costume: "Wearing of this garment
does not enable you to fly."

On a Swedish chainsaw: "Do not attempt to stop chain with your
hands or genitals." (..was there a lot of this happening somewhere?)
</blockquote>
