--- 
wordpress_id: 138
layout: post
title: The OC
wordpress_url: http://jevy.org/?p=138
---
Okay here are those things you just have to know for riding the <a href="http://www.octranspo.com">OC Transpo</a> buses in Ottawa:

<ol>
	<li>The buses are a game you just have to figure out the best way to play it.  Figure out if multiple buses go where you're going.  If buses are often packed when you try to get on, figure out where the majority of people get off and take a different (empty) bus to that location so you can jump on a bus with plenty of space.  IE. St-Laurent.
	<li>Don't be a jerk and keep a seat if there's an old person/disabled/blind/physically-impaired-in-someway-that-they-will-go-flying.  I know you're pretending not to see them by reading or staring out the window.  Whatever!  Use those legs!  You've been sitting in a class for 3 hours, are you _that_ tired?</li>
	<li>Pack those buses tight.  Why the heck don't you move to the back?  How about you try having to catch the next bus at -40 degrees PLUS WIND CHILL because some jerk wants his personal space.  I swear I'm not bitter.</li>
	<li>Easy on the cologne/perfume.  The combination of more than 2 of them will drive anyone up the wall.</li>
	<li>Oh my goodness.  There's nothing worse than trying to get off of a packed bus when you're not close to a door.  If people would step off and hold the doors, life would be much easier on me, and you!</li>
	<li>Relax!  It won't kill you if you don't have the most efficient system down.  I'm preaching to myself mostly.</li>
</ol>

Please post your gripes/tips if you've got 'em.
