--- 
wordpress_id: 365
layout: post
title: Bus
wordpress_url: http://jevy.org/?p=365
---
I love bus culture and watching how people interact and react on the bus.
<ul>
	<li>How do people deal with watching their bus just leave as they reach the door.</li>
	<li>What's the threshold for people to give their seat up for someone else.</li>
	<li>How do those who love their personal space react on a late (and packed) 4 Hurdman.</li>
	<li>and my personal favorite.  How far will people go to sit in that one empty seat that is oh so far away.</li>
</ul>
I saw an answer to this last one this evening on the express coming home.  It was one of the shorter mid-80's buses and I was near the front.  A gentleman was sitting in the very first seat facing the front of the bus but sitting on the inside as he was getting off soon.  In my mind, this is a reasonable thing.  Anyways, I'm standing in the aisle as a gentleman squeezes right in front of me and over a set of legs to grab that seat next to the gentleman who was getting off soon.  Just then his foot slips and smashes his shin into the metal bar of the armrest of the seats facing each other.  This guy was hurtin' bad.  He turns to the guy next to him:
<blockquote>Arghhh... I'm getting off soon... you should have slid in.

(The other guy was quiet but it was something to the effect of so am I).</blockquote>
There was real tension here for the rest of the trip as this guy was not happy the guy didn't move over.  Anyways, turns out the shin smashing guy wasn't getting off anytime soon so I think he was just trying to justify that he should get a seat.  Turns out this story isn't as interesting as I thought it was watching it unfold but I guess I do think it's interesting that there is a real culture and if you don't abide by it, you're a terrible person.
