--- 
wordpress_id: 98
layout: post
title: Guelph
wordpress_url: http://jevy.org/?p=98
---
Warning: I usually try not just write about what I did as it's boring for most people but whatever.

Went down with <a href="http://www.livejournal.com/users/valkeryie">Matt </a>and <a href="http://www.livejournal.com/users/fios/">Jay</a>.  We all sort of dispersed when we got to the Toronto until Sunday night when we started heading back.  Had some truly amazing conversations.  Not suprisingly enough they mostly revolved around Religion, Politics, Technology and stupid drivers on the road.

I really didn't have any idea what I was going to do once I got there but knew that we should get a mini TO-project reunion going on.  Went to the ROM on Friday with my Ukranian-Catholic friend Andrew where we sat and talked for a long time under a renasance painting with the strings playing off in the distance.  Later we headed down to meet with more people back in the old stomping grounds at Spadina and Bloor and ate Pizza Pizza.  Then just walked around downtown for a good amount of hours.  Got dropped off at a guy's house (Graydon) who I had only really met once but he really didn't mind that I crashed there!

Saturday I pretty much hung out with Graydon all day.  What a swell guy!  We clicked on a bunch of levels and was really refreshed simply but our conversation.   I went down mainly to see my friend Margie who's heading to East Asia for a year and so she showed up later in the afternoon.  This other guy, Tom, showed up soon after and we had a solid two hour conversation (debate) about various struggles we had with our experiences the (our) church and with Crusade.  I really didn't feel like I had much to say (?!?!) so listening most of time and tried to absorb it all.  Headed to East Side's until closing.

Sunday we checked out a church that was held in an old movie theatre in Oakville.  Really cool!   Did more hanging out then headed back.

Way to go if you've read all of this but really, it's just fun to reflect on the memories that we created ;)
