--- 
wordpress_id: 70
layout: post
title: Lazy
wordpress_url: http://jevy.org/?p=70
---
Well.  I'm not actually lazy it's just alot of effort to sort through heaps of documentation trying to figure out how things.  Not to mention a new toy sitting at home for me to play with ;).

Listening to <a href="http://luongsass.blogspot.com/">Luong</a>'s music on his site memories start flooding in.  Goo Goo Dolls for whatever reason make me dream back to late nights in high school.  Walking and biking down Vineyard around Matt and Jenn Jean's place.
<blockquote>You grew up way too fast
And now there's nothing to believe
And reruns all become our history
A tired song keeps playing on a tired radio
And I won't tell no one your name
And I won't tell em your name </blockquote>

Do people not question the depth that there is to life?  I am so grateful that God loves me and wants me to love Him back.  If this is true for me, how could it not be true for you and you not want to tap into that relationship?  Do people not even think about this?  What else could you think this life is about?  Molecules and reproduction?  There's got to be something more then going through life day to day feeding myself with food and desiring to feel emotions is so superficial in my view.  God is _not_ about rules and regulations.  "For Christ did not come to judge the world but to save the world through Him".  I know most of you who read this and know you're all smart enough to realize the important things in life.

.. All this brought on by some old school memories in songs.
