--- 
wordpress_id: 322
layout: post
title: Reality
wordpress_url: http://jevy.org/?p=322
---
9 days away and I had an absolutely great time traveling about.  I'll be posting pictures and notes about the days in increments.  My computer is in a sorry state right now so I need to sift through them.  In the mean time, I'm trying to figure out the parts about traveling that really energize me, and the things I simply don't enjoy.

Not-so much fun:
<ul>
	<li>Hitting up touristy areas where you _know_ the price of food is 50% more than down the street.  How do I know this?  There's a currency exchange place RIGHT THERE!</li>
	<li>Sights that I've seen in brochures/postcards tons already.  i.e.. Eiffel tower, empire state building.  This is only in general.</li>
	<li>Rushing through the day to see _everything_.</li>
	<li>Spending an entire day sitting and waiting for in an airport.</li>
</ul>
Fun stuff:
<ul>
	<li>Exploring an area you are sure is FULL of fun stuff-- just have to find it.</li>
	<li>Traveling with people who have energy and are willing to compromise and be flexible.</li>
	<li>Waking up at 9am instead of 7am.</li>
	<li>Trying the genuine local food.</li>
	<li>Not being picked out as a tourist.</li>
	<li>Probably my favorite: making friends with the locals and having them take you around to show you the deep culture of the city.  Actually, I don't think I've ever had this happen, but in my mind it looks like it would be awesome.</li>
	<li>People watching in airports.</li>
	<li>Take off and landing.</li>
</ul>
